hi guys so I was tagged by the wonderful
Charlotte overcharge new chapter to do
the Disney book tag ergo I am here to do
that video I will of course link chars
and the original creators videos down
below so definitely go and check those
out and in the meantime I hope you
enjoyed the video question little one is
inspired by The Little Mermaid and it is
to name a character in a book who is a
fish out of water so I decided to go for
Vivian from Vivian vs apocalypse by
Katie coil this is an apocalyptic novel
I mean most apocalyptic novels end up
with characters herself more out of
their element by the sheer nature of the
story but I think Vivian is such a shy
girl who likes to kind of stand back
from things and doesn't feel like she
has much confidence so I think however
being the lead character of this novel
is just great fun because she really has
to come out of her shell and react to a
very new situation question number two
is inspired by Cinderella and that is a
character who went through a major
transformation and for that I've decided
to go for moist von Olympic from going
postal by terry pratchett now Moyes
philippic definitely doesn't entirely
reform through this series of books he
retains some of his and moral ambiguity
and he is certainly an antihero but he
does start off his life and just before
the beginning of these books as a con
man as somebody that kind of takes from
other people and hides behind multiple
identities but during the course of this
book is forced to become moist fun like
'fuck himself and although maybe not
always with the great intentions do some
really good deeps so I'm gonna go for
moist question number three is inspired
by Snow White and it is namely book with
an eclectic cast of characters and I
have to save it to go for Robin Hobbs
the dragon keeper I was torn between
this and a game of thrones by george RR
martin by decided to go for this one it
is a multiple perspective story and
series that follows a bunch of
characters and their kind of quest to
assist and follow the dragons to a new
home so we have characters including
dragons
young people from very different
backgrounds so reclusive educated young
women ceelo's we have heterosexual and
homosexual characters and it's just I do
think you get a really nice bunch of
characters in this and they interact
really well and really interestingly
with each other and none of them are
perfect and they they're quite
identifiable in that way question number
four is inspired by sleeping beauty and
it is a book that put you to sleep and I
have decided to go for what might be a
bit of a controversial answer and that
is the book thief I didn't quite make it
to the end of this book and it took me a
very long time to make it as far as I
even did because I just didn't like it I
I was expecting something phenomenal the
way everybody talks about it but it took
such a long time for there to be any
action I not to mention I don't
particularly enjoy novels set during
either of the world wars it's not really
my genre I don't think it was purely
written I think there was bit so I was
reading and thinking this is lovely but
I just thought it was dull and really
predictable I guess the ending I checked
with a friend I was right I think
because it was so hyped I just was
expecting such big things and really let
me down but moving swiftly on question
number five is inspired by The Lion King
and it is a character who had something
traumatic happened to them in their
childhood and I had to go for the boy
and rim by Emma Donoghue his name is
Jack and he's five years old and he
spent the entirety of his life thus far
in this singular room locked up with his
mother and never seen the outside world
so already you can tell he's not had a
normal upbringing and there's a reason
that they're being kept there so pretty
traumatic question number six inspired
by Beauty and the Beast is a beast of a
book that you're intimidated by but
ended up loving and i'm going to say the
sequel to aragon which is eldest that I
loved Eragon wanna read it when I first
came out when I was kid it took years
for the sequel and this high fantasy
series to come out and by that point I
was like I feel like I forgot everything
that happened in the first one and this
is huge and I tried to start reading and
it was just so much information I just
couldn't do it or it then took me until
I was in my early twenties to actually
read the sequel and I decided to start
from the beginning this is years and
years later and read all 4 i'm so glad i
did though and i'm so bad i consumed the
whole series even if it took me well
because it's one of my favorites
question number 7 is inspired by latin
and it's as a character who gets their
wish granted for better or worse and i
decided to go for Eleanor from the
haunting of hill house by shirley
jackson and she's a character who at the
beginning just feels quite lonely and
lost and she's had these supernatural
experiences in her youth I just kind of
want to be believed and meet other
people that understand and she does she
get she ends up taking part in this
experiment where a bunch of people who
have experienced supernatural phenomenon
get together in this house so this
professor can study what goes on
probably gonna say for the worse in this
case question beret is inspired by Milan
and it as a character who pretends to be
something there or not and I don't know
if this is quite what the questions
looking for by decided to go for a
Serafina from Serafino by rachel hartman
because she's definitely undercover nor
one sense she is hiding something about
herself and for the book from the people
around her she is working as a music
teacher at the court and nobody really
knows that she's not exactly who they
think she is number nine is inspired by
toy story and it is a character you
would like to come to life and I decided
to go for death from the Terry practices
this is one of the books he stars in
called repo man I decided to go for him
mainly because if there is a death if
there's a grim reaper or someone that
meets you in the afterlife etc etc I
quite like the idea that it's the same
character as in terry pratchett's books
because he's just fantastic and really
mellow which I like I mean personally
I'm not a great believer in the
afterlife like the idea the death from
terry pratchett's books would be the
death that would meet me question
attend the final question is inspired by
Disney descendants your favorite villain
or morally ambiguous character so I
decided to go for more of a morally
ambiguous character and that is grace
from elias grace by Margot Atwood here's
a young women in 1800s in Canada has
been convicted of murder and this is
based on a real-life murder that
happened around that time and the women
that was convicted for it but throughout
the whole book you have no idea whether
she did do it or not kind of like a she
villain is she not but I like that and I
love that book so good but those are all
the questions I hope you enjoyed this
tag em I suppose I should tag some
people I have no idea who has done or
been typed in this video so apologies if
I amri tagging you but I'm going to tag
she might be Monica reads and daydreams
there's Wallace shout Amy and Sarah
chuckles and make sure to go and check
out all these lovely young woman's
channels in the description box and I'll
see y'all again very soon bye guys